# Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

This CHANGELOG is inspired by and strives to adhere on what's
explained on [keepchangelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

## [3.0.0] - 2016-02-08

> ##### Please note
> This version marks the dividing line between this fork and
> the upstream version of the `kitchen-docker` repository, originally
> found at https://github.com/portertech/kitchen-docker.
>
> Starting from this version, there might be differences in
> behaviour and/or functionality among the two repositories.

### Fixed
- The driver creates containers named after the `suite + platform` combo
as generated by test-kitchen so to allow users to have a matrix of suites+platforms.
**This is an important behavioural and breaking change.** It's not possible to
 arbitrarily specify the container name via the `instance_name` configuration option
  previously available anymore.

### Changed
- Gem specification files fetch logic doesn't rely on Git anymore.
They are defined by means of the `Dir` Ruby class and only the
necessary files are now bundled together.
- The `Gemfile.lock` will be included from now on.

## 2.3.0

* `build_context` option (boolean) to enable/disable sending the build
context to Docker.

## 2.2.0

* Use a temporary file for each suite instance Docker container
Dockerfile, instead of passing their contents via STDIN. This allows for
the use of commands like ADD and COPY. **Users must now use Docker >= 1.5.0**

* Passwordless suite instance Docker container login (SSH), using a
generated key pair.

* Support for sharing a host device with suite instance Docker containers.

* README YAML highlighting.

## 2.1.0

* Use `NUL` instead of `/dev/null` on Windows for output redirection

## 2.0.0

* Use Docker `top` and `port` instead of `inspect`

* Don't create the kitchen user if it already exists

* Docker container capabilities options: cap_add, cap_drop

* Docker security profile option (SELinux/AppArmor): security_opt

* wait_for_sshd option (boolean)

* Create `/etc/sudoers.d` if missing

* Fixed option deprecation warnings, require Docker >= 1.2

## [1.7.0]

* Ensure a container id is set before attempting to inspect a container

## [1.6.0]

* `publish_all` option to publish all ports to the host interface

* `instance_name` option to name the Docker container

* `links` option to link suite instance Docker containers

* `socket` option will now default to ENV `DOCKER_HOST` if set

* Fixed verify dependencies output redirection

* Added `fedora` to platform names

* Support for `gentoo` and `gentoo-paludis` platforms

* Adding sudo rule to `/etc/sudoers.d/#{username}` in addition to `/etc/sudoers`

-------------------

[3.0.0]: https://github.com/walterdolce/kitchen-docker/compare/2.3.0...3.0.0
